## TicGit ##

This project provides a ticketing system built on Git that is kept in a
separate branch in your projects Git repository.

### About ###

TicGit is a simple ticketing system, roughly similar to the Lighthouse model, that is based in git. It provides a command line client that uses the ‘git’ gem to keep its ticketing information in a separate branch (called ‘ticgit’) within your existing git repository. All the data is file based and rarely changing, decreasing the likelihood of a merge issue. Right now, ticket branch merges need to be done manually and separately, but work is being done on a `ti sync` command to make this easier and more intuitive.

The idea is that it keeps your tickets in the same repository, but without mucking up your working tree. By using its own seperate branch to store its information it keeps the working trees in all your other branches untouched.

There are two interfaces available, the command line `ti` command and the `ticgitweb` web interface, though `ticgitweb` has many more prerequisites than `ti`.

It will automatically create the new branch the first time you use it, and it caches all the data (another working directory and index file) in your ~/.ticgit directory by default. If you delete that directory, it will just create it again the next time, you will lose no data (except some of your saved preferences).

TicGit is currently using itself to store its feature requests and bug reports.

### Installing ###
Installation on a Debian stable system.  The presumption is made that you already have `git-core` installed and are using git for your software development.  Note that the command line interface for ticgit can be run from Debian stable, but some of the gems required for the web interface may require you to use [apt](http://jaqque.sbih.org/kplug/apt-pinning.html) [pinning](http://jeffwelling.github.com//2010/09/05/Apt-Pinning.html) to run without errors.  See below. 

If you know what rake is and know you already have it installed, you can use the command `rake setup` to automatically install all dependencies.

There are two parts to ticgit, the command line interface `ti` and the optional web based interface `ticgitweb`.  To install the dependencies for either one, do

*ti*
    sudo aptitude install rubygems
    sudo gem install git

*ticgitweb*

    sudo aptitude install rubygems
    sudo gem install ticgit sinatra haml sass


### Usage ###

To get a list of all commands with short description:

    > ti --help
    Usage: ti COMMAND [FLAGS] [ARGS]
     
    Options for help command:
     
    The available ticgit commands are:
        recent                           List recent activities
        checkout                         Checkout a ticket
        tag                              Modify tags of a ticket
        comment                          Comment on a ticket
        milestone                        List and modify milestones
        assign                           Assings a ticket to someone
        points                           Assign points to a ticket
        state                            Change state of a ticket
        show                             Show a ticket
        new                              Create a new ticket
        attach                           Attach file to ticket
        list                             List tickets
     
    Common options:
        -v, --version                    Show the version number
        -h, --help                       Display this help
    "help" is not a command


To get help about a specific command:

    > ti <command> --help
    ## for example
    > ti assign --help
    Usage: ti assign [options] [ticket_id]
     
    Options for assign command:
        -c, --checkout TICKET            Checkout this ticket
        -u, --user USER                  Assign the ticket to this user
     
    Common options:
        -v, --version                    Show the version number
        -h, --help                       Display this help


The available commands are:

    ti list     - show all tickets
    ti show     - show details of a specific ticket
    ti new      - create a new ticket
    ti checkout - checkout a ticket
    ti state    - change a ticket state (open, resolved, invalid, hold)
    ti comment  - add a comment to a ticket
    ti tag      - add or delete a tag from a ticket
    ti assign   - change to whom a ticket is assigned


Authors
===================================
Original Author:
Scott Chacon                (schacon@gmail.com)

Current Active Maintainer:
Jeff Welling                (jeff.welling@gmail.com)
