TicGit Distributed Ticketing System
===================================

This project provides a ticketing system built on Git that is kept in a 
separate branch in your projects Git repository.


Prerequisites
===================================
It is assumed that you already have a recent version of the Git revision
control system installed. If it is not available through your package
manager, you can download the latest Git source code from
http://git-scm.com/ instead.

It is also assumed that you have a recent version of rubygems installed.
Older versions, such as the one available on Debian 5.0.5, will not work
out of the box with the new gem repositories. If you are running an
older version of rubygems, you may need to get the latest rubygems
package from http://rubygems.org/ before being able to properly install
the git and ticgit gems.


Installing
===================================
You will also need to install the 'git' gem (version >= 1.0.5) before
installing or using TicGit. To install the git gem as root using
rubygems >= 1.3.7:

    sudo gem install git

If you do not have root access, or do not wish to make system changes
without going through your distribution's package manager, you can place
the following into your $HOME/.bashrc file:

    export GEM_HOME=~/gems
    export RUBYOPT=rubygems 
    export PATH=$HOME/gems/bin:$PATH

Source your .bashrc, and you should now be able to install gems into a
non-system directory without root privileges:

    gem install git

Once you have the git gem installed, change into the root of your ticgit
source tree. You can now build and install the ticgit-0.3.7 gem file,
with or without sudo:

    rake
    [sudo] gem install pkg/ticgit-0.3.7.gem 


Usage
===================================
See http://github.com/schacon/ticgit/wikis for a bunch of examples. For
a quick start, here is a brief explanation of the basic commands:

    ti help - show all available commands

    ti assign - change to whom a ticket is assigned

    ti checkout - checkout a ticket

    ti comment - add a comment to a ticket

    ti list - show all tickets

    ti new - create a new ticket

    ti show - show details of a specific ticket

    ti state - change a ticket state (open, resolved, invalid, hold)

    ti tag - add or delete a tag from a ticket

Most commands can also take an -h flag for additional detail about
command-specific options.


Authors
===================================
Scott Chacon <schacon -AT- gmail.com>
"Todd A. Jacobs" <codegnome.consulting+ticgit -AT- gmail.com> 
